Documentation Updates for plugins.query.datasources.enabled SQL Setting (#7794)
opensearch-project/documentation-website: _search-plugins/sql/settings.md

`plugins.sql.cursor.keep_alive` | 1 minute | Configures how long the cursor context is kept open. Cursor contexts are resource-intensive, so we recommend a low value.
`plugins.query.memory_limit` | 85% | Configures the heap memory usage limit for the circuit breaker of the query engine.
`plugins.query.size_limit` | 200 | Sets the default size of index that the query engine fetches from OpenSearch.

> `plugins.query.datasources.enabled` | true | Change to `false` to disable the data source support in the plugin.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`plugins.query.datasources.enabled` | true | Change to `false` to disable data source support in the plugin.
```

> `plugins.query.datasources.enabled` | true | Change to `false` to disable the `DataSource` support in the plugin.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`plugins.query.datasources.enabled` | true | Change to `false` to disable data source support in the plugin.
```
